Hi.
We didn't this lecture reading to see how we can use vert press dashboard in order to create a very
good Web site to market our apps.
So here you see the posts.
So this is actually the blog posts.
Ok so as I mentioned before WordPress started as a blog team but right now you can't do much more than
blog.
You can create Web sites you can create even e-commerce sites but if you click over to add any posts
you can just insert a media insert an image insert anything you want like a link or some other like
a YouTube video as vote and you can just add a new post to your blog.
But we're not interested in blogging right now.
Rather we are going to use these pages.
So.
So here you actually create a page to display in your web site.
We're going to see how it works.
So let me show you the other menus you can see the appearance over here which we're going to use in
and in a little bit soon so that we're going to bring in the Apps team so that we can use in our Web
site.
OK.
So we have these widgets we have these menus we have this editor to edit the scripts that we impart
in our page like the team of the apps.
OK.
And here we see the plug ins.
And if you go to this ad the new you can see there are a lot of plug ins that you can use like you can
use a contact plug in in order to let your visitors contact you using your form.
OK.
I'm not going into this plug ins or other menus deeply because we're not actually recording yet WordPress
cars are and vegetable month cars.
But I'm going to show you how you can work with teams.
So come over here take periods and under teams you will see a lot of teams.
And if you click over to add new you will see a lot of free teams as well.
So WordPress has a lot of free teams you can actually search for one you can just select one and you
can come over here on say install in order to use this existing pages but rather than that we are going
to see how we can manually import that theme and we're going to use these abs apps that team shaker.
So if you go to Google and just search for apps team shake her team.
Okay Apps team Shaker download it will take you to the download page of these apps team so you can freely
freely download this team by clicking the download button over here and it will try to download a zip
file in your computer and you're just going to come over here to upload team and just add this zip file.
Okay.
Altogether it will just unzip it and process it on its own.
You have to just click install now button or here again you're just uploading the zip not anything else.
If it's not zipped you can just zip it yourself and then you can say activate over here it will activate
the team.
Now you can actually customize the team and change everything.
Now if you is at your Web site you will see your Web site is actually a lot better compared to what
we had previously.
As you can see now we have this image we have these headings and buttons and everything.
Of course we are missing some items and we are going to take care of that in a little bit.
Now the most important thing that we don't have the slide there over here.
So if you come back to your dashboard you will see a slider popping up in the left.
So this is installed with the team itself.
If you come over here to slide there and if you click on ads new it will actually let you create the
new slider for your team.
So slider is this section I'm talking about this section.
So if you go to ABS that say Team Shaker dot com you can see the slider yourself.
You can just copy and paste as values just to try.
If this works or not.
So that's what I'm going to do I'm just going to copy and paste everything over here so that I can create
the exact same slider and I'm going to add a featured image over here.
So I want the exact same image.
So I'm going to download this OK to my computer and just and then I'm just going to upload it to my
work press.
So once you do that you can come over here and select files and upload the things that you have just
downloaded and of course you don't have to do that.
You can just watch and see how it's done.
So that you can actually apply this venue have your own app uploaded to the App Store.
OK so now wi fi come over here and refresh this faith page.
OK now I will see my slider popping up.
So if you get something like this If your image is not showing up then there is a small tweak that you'd
need to do in order to make this work and your urge to do that.
We are going to just change a little bit of script in Apps team.
So go over here to Ed on experience and make sure you select the Apps team to edit ok not the other
ones and then you just going to have to come over here and find the team functions.
So scroll down a little bit until you find this line.
So let me come over here it's actually at the bottom of this page and we're looking for this post top
male.
OK so this team item.
So if you see it as you will see something like that we need to remove this and just make sure we're
actually left with is our seat.
So if you make this change now this will show up on your Web site.
If you don't get this error of course you don't need to do that.
OK.
So update this file and then you will be ready to display the image in your web site.
Now let me just refresh this page and here you go.
Now we see the image in our slider.
And let me go back to my dashboard so that we can go back to our slider and add some more.
So let me say add new and I'm just going to create the second one and again you don't have to use these
apps team you can just use anything that you want.
You can just search for mobile app teams to use with part WordPress in Google or you can just search
it internally in the Web site WordPress as well so that you can install it quickly.
And I'm just going to download everything from here so that I can just show you this works and we can
have a nice slider.
So let me go back to my dashboard and I'm just going to upload the second image.
So let me say select files and choose this sums altogether.
K. I'm just going to upload every one of them so that we can use any of them whenever we want.
So I'm just going to choose this.
And let me copy the title and the message here as well.
So let me go back and get the title.
Yep.
This is minimalistic approach.
And here you go.
Now this will be published as Vo.
And then if I come over here I refresh this page then I will see the second slider.
Here you go.
Now this works.
Now let me do the third one and fourth one as well because they will be quick since I have the images
right now.
Let me copy the message and say easy to use and let me choose the image from here as well since we have
uploaded it.
We can just come over here and choose this one and say publish.
OK.
And let me add the fourth one as well so that it will be a complete Web site.
So does the styling options.
And here you go.
Now I have to choose the last one from here and publish it.
Now if I refresh this I will see my complete slider.
You can add as many as you want as you can see because you can't slide them afterwards with arrows.
And it will be automatic.
You don't need to do anything after that moment.
So now I have to configure is header over here so that I can have my own title and I can have my own
download button.
So come over here to a periods and team options under team options you will see the app name.
So rather than apps I'm going to go for cat years.
One more time and then later on we are going to have to provide the short apt description.
So I'm going to say learn how old your cat is.
OK.
And that's it.
And in the download link we can just provide a link to download our app.
So let me just find a simple app from the I TOS.
We don't have an app actually uploaded to the app store at this moment.
So I'm just going to go for Google Maps.
I tos and I'm just going to get the Google Maps link and I'm just going to link it over there to download
by them.
So now if I paste is over here I will just link it to my download them and in the copyright you can
just say whatever you want like or Percy will or you can just write cat years and in the styling you
can change the background color and every color that you want.
And over here I believe you want to get rid of this watermark so there won't be any retirement in your
website.
So now you fire refresh this then you will see my cat years is showing up and if I click over here it
will take me to the I Tunes download page.
So now we are left with the main description and the other page stuff over here.
So let me show you how to edit that as well.
So as you can see they added some good images and good description over here.
I'm just going to take this over but it's actually kind of tricky to get one.
So you have to say we've Patti Page saws in order to reach the source of this Web site.
So this is the HDMI code and you can just copy and paste whatever you want from here.
And I'm just doing this for an example.
You don't have to do that but if you want to you can find this article.
Okay.
And just copy it.
Not the article part but the part between the articles.
OK this one.
And then you can come over here to your Web site in the posts.
Let me just go to this hallowed post and edit it so does hallowed displays.
Welcome to the word press right now.
So rather than displaying that I'm just going to paste the HDMI code in the text tab not the visual
tab.
So let me paste in everything so that I can save this and display exact same things on my Web site as
well.
So if I go to visual tab now we will be displaying the things and in fact I could have copied the visuals
as it is without going into the source code and tried to paste in here as VO But doing that in an HDMI
way is much more reliable.
OK.
Now now if I can refreshed is then I will see all those things popping up in my web pages up.
So here you go.
Now you know how to create a Web site for your own app.
And again you don't have to use Ecolab posting hosting.
You don't have to use the domain names if you don't want.
You don't have to use this app steam if you don't want.
You can just go for alternative ways but you can easily use WordPress on.
I really suggest you to use WordPress if you don't know the web development so that you can create easily
whatever you want.
And of course in the pages section you can create a new page in which you can copy and paste a privacy
policy that we have discussed in the previous section as well so that you can take the link and submit
it to the App Store.
So let's stop here and continue within the next section.